---
layout: page
title: "about"
date: 2014-02-10 16:47
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
---
There are no bumper stickers, tumblers or T-shirts to celebrate the “95 ENDS” sign in Miami. Not like the celebrated, if puny, Mile Marker 0 post in Key West.  That is evidence, perhaps, of our nostalgic bias. A sign, possibly, of the powerful Key West brand. Or maybe it’s just the fact that the “95 ENDS” sign is blocked by foliage until you drive right up close to it.  Whatever the answer, there stands the sign, marking almost 2,000 miles of human accomplishment and its unceremonious dump onto U.S. 1.  WLRN-Miami Herald News presents a year-long project to document life at<strong> The End of the Road</strong>, led by reporter <a href="http://wlrn.org/people/kenny-malone" target="_blank">Kenny Malone</a>. There is likely no piece of local infrastructure more discussed, more reviled and more crucial than the final 87 miles of Interstate 95.  Our stretch of the road has inspired poems and hate mail, conspiracy theories and academic research. Parents develop special rules and lessons just to give their drivers-to-be a fighting chance.  Over the next year, The End of the Road will look at everything from the cultural impact of I-95 to the relatively brand-new use of managed express lanes. From the dangers — and perceived dangers — of life on the highway to the history of how I-95 became what it is today.  But ultimately this is a public road and a public story to steer. We’d like to hear what you want to know, what you’ve seen, what you’ve experienced. Throughout the year, send WLRN-Miami Herald News your photos of life on I-95, your comments on commuting, and whatever else the giant, concrete snake of South Florida inspires in you.  Use the hashtag #WLRN95 and mention @WLRN on <a href="http://twitter.com/wlrn" target="_blank">Twitter</a> and <a href="http://instagram.com/wlrn" target="_blank">Instagram</a>, or email Kenny Malone at <a href="mailto:kmalone@miamiherald.com" target="_blank">kmalone@miamiherald.com</a>.
